amlogic, g12a
arm,malit60x
arm,malit6xx
arm,mali-midgard
arm,cortex-a53
arm,armv8
arm,cortex-a53
arm,armv8
arm,cortex-a53
arm,armv8
arm,cortex-a53
arm,armv8
arm,idle-state
arm,armv8-timer
arm, meson-bc-timer
arm,armv8-pmuv3
arm,cortex-a15-gic
arm,cortex-a9-gic
arm,psci-0.2
amlogic, pm
amlogic, secmon
aml, securitykey
amlogic, meson_mhu
amlogic, iomap
fixed-clock
amlogic, aml_vrtc
amlogic, cpuinfo
aml, reboot
amlogic, vpu-g12a
amlogic, g12a-eth-dwmac
snps,dwmac
amlogic,meson-g12a-aobus-pinctrl
amlogic,meson-g12a-periphs-pinctrl
amlogic, audio_data
synopsys, dwc3
amlogic, amlogic-new-usb2-v2
amlogic, amlogic-new-usb3-v2
amlogic, dwc2
amlogic, meson-wdt
amlogic, ram_dump
amlogic, jtag
amlogic,meson-g12a-saradc
amlogic, r1p1-tsensor
amlogic, r1p1-tsensor
simple-bus
simple-bus
amlogic,meson-gpio-intc-ext
amlogic,meson-g12a-gpio-intc
amlogic, gxl_measure
amlogic,g12a-ee-pwm
amlogic,g12a-ee-pwm
amlogic,g12a-ee-pwm
amlogic,meson-g12a-i2c
tlsc6x,tlsc6x_ts
amlogic,meson-g12a-i2c
amlogic,meson-g12a-i2c
st,lis2dh12-accel
amstaos,tmd2772
amlogic,meson-g12a-i2c
apple_mfi_auth
amlogic,meson-g12a-spicc
amlogic,meson-g12a-spicc
simple-bus
amlogic,g12a-aoclkc
amlogic,g12a-ao-pwm
amlogic,g12a-ao-pwm
amlogic,meson-g12a-i2c
amlogic, meson-i2c-slave
amlogic, meson-uart
amlogic, meson-uart
amlogic, meson_irblaster
simple-bus
simple-bus
amlogic,g12a-clkc
amlogic, ion_dev
amlogic, audio-controller
simple-bus
amlogic, g12a-audio-clocks
amlogic, g12a-audio-ddr-manager
amlogic, g12a-snd-tdma
amlogic, g12a-snd-pdm
amlogic, snd-loopback
amlogic, g12a-resample
amlogic, meson-uart
amlogic, meson-uart
amlogic, meson-uart
amlogic, vdin
amlogic, vdin
amlogic, vout
amlogic, vout2
amlogic, vdac-g12a
amlogic, meson, canvas
amlogic, ge2d-g12a
amlogic, amvideom
amlogic, codec_io
amlogic, codec, streambuf
amlogic, vdec
amlogic, vcodec-dec
amlogic, amvenc_avc
cnm, HevcEnc
amlogic, meson, rdma
amlogic, meson-g12a
amlogic, meson-mmc-g12a
amlogic, meson-cooldev
amlogic, snd-iomap
pwm-regulator
amlogic, ddr-bandwidth
amlogic, dmc_monitor
amlogic, defendkey
amlogic,aml_txlx_dma
amlogic,aes_g12a_dma
amlogic,sha_dma
amlogic,tdes_dma
amlogic,meson-rng
amlogic, efuse
amlogic, cpu-major-id-g12a
android,firmware
android,vbmeta
android,fstab
android,system
amlogic, lcd-g12a
amlogic, lcd_extern
amlogic, backlight-g12a
amlogic, bl_extern
ramoops
shared-dma-pool
amlogic, aml_secos_memory
shared-dma-pool
shared-dma-pool
shared-dma-pool
shared-dma-pool
shared-dma-pool
amlogic, codec-mm-reserved
shared-dma-pool
gpio-leds
gpio-keys-polled
rotary-encoder
generic-adc-thermal
generic-adc-thermal
generic-adc-thermal
brcm,bcm4345c0
amlogic, cvbsout-g12a
amlogic, codec, mm
amlogic, ppmgr
amlogic, deinterlace
amlogic, ionvideo
amlogic, vm
amlogic, unifykey
amlogic, vecm
amlogic, aml_dummy_codec
amlogic, aml_codec_T9015
amlogic, g12a-sound-card
amlogic, audiolocker
operating-points-v2
operating-points-v2
operating-points-v2
amlogic, cpufreq-meson
